//tidy config file

// HTML XHTML options
clean:                        yes
doctype:                      transitional
drop-empty-paras:             no
drop-font-tags:               yes
drop-proprietary-attributes:  yes
enclose-text:                 yes
fix-backslash:                yes
fix-uri:                      yes
join-styles:                  yes
logical-emphasis:             yes
numeric-entities:             yes
output-xhtml:                 yes
quote-ampersand:              yes
quote-marks:                  yes
quote-nbsp:                   yes

// character encoding options
ascii-chars:                  no
char-encoding:                utf8
escape-cdata:                 yes

// pretty print options
indent:                       auto
indent-cdata:                 yes
indent-attributes:            yes
indent-spaces:                1
vertical-space:               no
break-before-br:              no
wrap:                         100
wrap-attributes:              no
punctuation-wrap:             yes

// misc
tidy-mark:                    no
